you can leverage custom validators at the field and model levels to enforce more complex constraints and ensure the integrity of your data.

Field validators : a field validator is a callable taking the value to be validated as an argument and returning the validated value.
    Four different types of validators. They defined using the annotated pattern or using the @field_validator decorator, applied on a class method:
    
After validators: run after Pydantic’s internal validation. They are generally more type safe and thus easier to implement.

Before validators: run before Pydantic’s internal parsing and validation (e.g. coercion of a str to an int).
    These are more flexible than after validators, but they also have to deal with the raw input, which in theory could be any arbitrary object
    The value returned from this callable is then validated against the provided type annotation by Pydantic.
IMP : you should also avoid mutating the value directly if you are raising a validation error later in your validator function, 
    as the mutated value may be passed to other validators if using unions.

Plain validators: act similarly to before validators but they terminate validation immediately after returning,
    so no further validators are called and Pydantic does not do any of its internal validation against the field type.

Wrap validators: are the most flexible of all. You can run code before or after Pydantic and other validators process the input, 
    or you can terminate validation immediately, either by returning the value early or by raising an error.
    Such validators must be defined with a mandatory extra handler parameter: a callable taking the value to be validated as an argument. 
Note : Internally, this handler will delegate validation of the value to Pydantic. 
    You are free to wrap the call to the handler in a try..except block, or not call it at all.

Which validator pattern to use Annotated or decorator: both provide same thing but they provide different benifits
    Using the annotated pattern : One of the key benefits of using the annotated pattern is to make validators reusable:
        example : create one function and use that function in validator in any pydantic class model, see example in validators_annotated.py
    Using the decorator pattern : One of the key benefits of using the field_validator() decorator is to apply the function to multiple fields:
        example : in same class we can just create field_validator for 2 fields and pass to one class, see example in validators_decorator.py
        Note : If you want the validator to apply to all fields (including the ones defined in subclasses), you can pass '*' as the field name argument.


Model validators : Validation can also be performed on the entire model’s data using the model_validator() decorator.

AfterValidator: run after the whole model has been validated. 
    they are defined as instance methods and can be seen as post-initialization hooks. Important note: the validated instance should be returned.

Before validators: are run before the model is instantiated
    These are more flexible than after validators, but they also have to deal with the raw input

Wrap validators: are the most flexible of all. You can run code before or after Pydantic and other validators process the input data, 
    or you can terminate validation immediately, either by returning the data early or by raising an error.

IMP : A good rule to remember:
    field_validator
        → "Is THIS field valid?"
    model_validator
        → "Do THESE fields make sense together?"

Note : On inheritance A model validator defined in a base class will be called during the validation of a subclass instance.
    Overriding a model validator in a subclass will override the base class’ validator, 
        and thus only the subclass’ version of said validator will be called.


Raising validation errors : To raise a validation error, three types of exceptions can be used:
    ValueError : this is the most common exception raised inside validators.
    AssertionError : using the assert statement also works, but these statements are skipped when Python is run with the -O optimization flag.
    PydanticCustomError : a bit more verbose, but provides extra flexibility:
Note : When a validator rejects data in production, Logfire can record the rejected value in its structured errors, so you can see what broke the rule.

Validation info : Both the field and model validators callables (in all modes) can optionally take an extra ValidationInfo argument
    such as : already validated data, user defined context, current validation mode, current field name etc.

Validation data : For field validators, the already validated data can be accessed using the data property
    The data property is None for model validators.

Validation context : You can pass a context object to the validation methods, 
    which can be accessed inside the validator functions using the context property:
    Note : Similarly, you can use a context for serialization.

Ordering of validators : When using the annotated pattern, the order in which validators are applied is defined as follows: 
    before and wrap validators are run from right to left, and after validators are then run from left to right
    Note : Internally, validators defined using the decorator are converted to their annotated form counterpart and added last after 
        the existing metadata for the field. This means that the same ordering logic applies.